feat: Add sorting and filtering releases docs (#3861)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/configuration/releases.mdx

</PlatformSection>

## Bind the Version

Include a release ID (often called a "version") when you configure your client SDK.

The release name cannot:

- contain newlines, tabulator characters, forward slashes(`/`) or back slashes(`\`)
- be (in their entirety) period (`.`), double period (`..`), or space (` `)
- exceed 200 characters

> The value can be arbitrary, but there are two recommended naming strategies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value can be arbitrary, but we recommend either of these naming strategies:
```

> - **Semantic Versioning**: `package@version` or `package@version+build` (e.g., `my.project.name@2.3.12+1234`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Semantic Versioning**: `package@version` or `package@version+build` (for example, `my.project.name@2.3.12+1234`)
```

  - `package` is the unique identifier of the project/app (`CFBundleIdentifier` on iOS, `packageName` on Android)
  - `version` is the semver-like structure `<major>.<minor?>.<patch?>.<revision?>-<prerelease?>` (`CFBundleShortVersionString` on iOS, `versionName` on Android)
  - `build` is the number that identifies an iteration of your app (`CFBundleVersion` on iOS, `versionCode` on Android)

> - **Commit SHA**: If you use a DVCS, we recommend using the identifying hash (for example, the commit SHA, `da39a3ee5e6b4b0d3255bfef95601890afd80709`). You can let sentry-cli automatically determine this hash for supported version control systems with `sentry-cli releases propose-version`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Commit SHA**: If you use a DVCS, we recommend using the identifying hash (for example, the commit SHA, `da39a3ee5e6b4b0d3255bfef95601890afd80709`). You can let Sentry CLI automatically determine this hash for supported version control systems with `sentry-cli releases propose-version`.
```

### Bind the Version

Include a release ID (often called a "version") when you configure your client SDK.

The release name cannot:

- contain newlines, tabulator characters, forward slashes(`/`) or back slashes(`\`)
- be (in their entirety) period (`.`), double period (`..`), or space (` `)
- exceed 200 characters

The value can be arbitrary, but there are two recommended naming strategies:

- **Semantic Versioning**: `package@version` or `package@version+build` (e.g., `my.project.name@2.3.12+1234`)

>   - `package` is unique identifier of the project/app (`CFBundleIdentifier` on iOS, `packageName` on Android)
>   - `version` is semver-like structure `<major>.<minor?>.<patch?>.<revision?>-<prerelease?>` (`CFBundleShortVersionString` on iOS, `versionName` on Android)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `package` is the unique identifier of the project/app (`CFBundleIdentifier` on iOS, `packageName` on Android)
  - `version` is the semver-like structure `<major>.<minor?>.<patch?>.<revision?>-<prerelease?>` (`CFBundleShortVersionString` on iOS, `versionName` on Android)
```

>   - `build` is the number which identifies an iteration of your app (`CFBundleVersion` on iOS, `versionCode` on Android)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `build` is the number that identifies an iteration of your app (`CFBundleVersion` on iOS, `versionCode` on Android)
```

> - **Commit SHA**: if you use a DVCS we recommend using the identifying hash (eg: the commit SHA, `da39a3ee5e6b4b0d3255bfef95601890afd80709`). You can let sentry-cli automatically determine this hash for supported version control systems with `sentry-cli releases propose-version`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Commit SHA**: If you use a DVCS, we recommend using the identifying hash (for example, the commit SHA, `da39a3ee5e6b4b0d3255bfef95601890afd80709`). You can let sentry-cli automatically determine this hash for supported version control systems with `sentry-cli releases propose-version`.
```
